docs: Add mention of .hex() being lossy (#244)
Qix-/color: README.md

```js
color.hex() // #ffffff
```

> Get the hex value. (NOTE: `.hex()` throws out any alpha values the color may have)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the hex value. (**NOTE:** `.hex()` does not return alpha values; use `.hexa()` for an RGBA representation)
```
